[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hello and welcome.
I'm David Icke,
and today I'm going
to talk about the
real revolution.
We love each other.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This word love is bandied
around a lot, but what is it?
What is love?
Well, maybe we could
start with what it's not.
Love doesn't mean
we have to agree.
What an absolutely
boring world, if we
believe that we live in a
state of all possibility
or potential, what a boring
world if everyone agreed.
So number one, love is
not about agreement.
And love does not mean
either that we roll over
and allow ourselves to be
imposed upon because "I love
you so you do what you like.
I'll just lie down and
you can walk all over me."
It don't mean that at all.
Love, I guess for
most people, would
be expressed as attraction.
You are attracted to
someone, physically, often,
and you feel "I'm in love."
And yes that can
absolutely happen.
But for me, the love
I'm talking about,
is most profoundly
expressed in friendship.
Friendship.
Do you know, there's this great
phrase I heard a long time ago.
A friend is someone who
walks into the room when
everyone else is walking out.
A friend doesn't have
to agree with you.
They might seriously disagree
with what you've done,
but they have this connection,
this love connection,
and it's unconditional,
I say true sense,
which is, I'm always going to
be here for you because we have
that connection that we call
friendship, which is really
just an expression of
unconditional love.
And if you have a
relationship, for instance,
where you are physically
attracted and you perceive
it as love--
which is far enough.
Nothing wrong with that.
Done it meself-- and
that's all you have,
then at some point that's
probably going to dissipate.
Because although I'm still
very young and very virile,
eventually it will
even come to me
that you move on into
different stages of your life.
And if just physical
attraction is all
that we perceive
as love then, as we
see all the time in human
society, maybe it fizzles out.
But a relationship between two
people who start out physically
attracted to each other but
have that core, that foundation
of friendship, then as life
moves on through its stages,
that friendship, love,
real love, true love,
unconditional love,
will always be there,
and so the relationship
will always be there.
And a question.
What is our point of
reference from which we
peruse the world and interact
with different people?
Is that point of
attention love of the kind
that I'm talking about,
the understanding
that we're all expressions
of each other having
different experiences?
Or is it hate, is it resentment,
is it revenge, animosity?
Because whatever that
point of reference is
will dictate your relationship
and interaction with people,
and together,
collectively, it will
decide what the world is
that we are experiencing.
Because whatever that
point of reference
is will color
everything that we do,
and it will form our
perceptions and dictate
our perceptions of reality.
And I've obviously
written and talked a lot
over the years about
the fact that the world
is run by psychopaths.
What I'm doing is I'm looking
at the traits of their behavior
and relating it to the
psychological official
definition of a psychopath and
seeing that that behavior ticks
off all the boxes of what is
considered to be a psychopath.
So I'm making an
observation that the world
is run by psychopaths
based on their behavior.
And what is a psychopath?
What is psychopathic behavior?
It is the absence of love.
And what has happened is
that this psychopathic state,
this absence of love,
has filtered down
because of the manipulation into
so much of mainstream society
where people interact not on
the basis of love and empathy
and understanding but on the
basis of constant judgment
and condemnation.
And people might say,
well, you're doing that
by calling them psychopaths.
But I'm not in the sense of
having hatred for them or not,
frankly, feeling sorry for them.
I'm observing their behavior
and I'm calling it psychopathic.
Because how we look at
people we vehemently
disagree with dictates
whether we are actually coming
from a point of love or not.
So I look at this
network of manipulators,
and I look at their
psychopathic behavior,
but I don't hate them.
And on one level, I
seek to understand them.
I feel sorry for them because
they, by their very nature
and by their very
behavior, are living lives
in the absence of love, which
is why they do what they do.
If love was part
of their makeup,
they wouldn't do what they do.
And in a less
extreme way, people
who talk about
love so often look
at other people in society, not
necessarily psychopathic people
but just people they
disagree with or whatever,
and they will condemn them.
Say someone does
something very unpleasant
and there's immediate
condemnation.
Now, I can see the reason
for their reflex action
condemnation of what's
being done, whether it's
someone going crazy
with a gun or whatever,
because of the effect
on other people.
I do see that.
But what love also says is,
why did that person do that?
What has happened in their
mental and emotional makeup
that makes someone do
that horrible thing?
And so often you find that
when you break it down
and you play it
back, you find that
said people who
just attack society
and who want to just do anything
destructive because they have
this hatred of society,
you chart that back often
and you'll find there's
a reason for it.
I remember a story
in my own experience.
There was a child
at this school where
I used to visit
on occasion, and I
used to visit this class
which was full of kids
who had big behavior problems.
And they were very
difficult to handle.
And the guy who ran the class,
I used to chat to him a bit
about his experience.
And he told me one story,
which kind of encapsulates what
I'm trying to get across here.
There was this one
boy in this class,
but it was a special class away
from the rest of the classes
because of their
behavior problems,
who was almost impossible
to keep under control.
And one day this teacher went
back home with the boy to talk
to his parents about
something that had happened.
And he walks in the
door, and the parents
are paralletically drunk.
And this boy's little
brother, toddler brother,
was sitting on the
carpet between them
playing with a pile of
empty booze bottles.
Now, you can look at
the behavior of that boy
and you can just condemn it.
In the absence of love, you
would condemn it and say,
he's horrible.
He's evil.
But if this is hope and you
say, why is he doing it?
And you realize the
fantastic wisdom
of that Native American phrase,
don't judge a man until you've
walked a mile in his moccasins.
Well, we do it all the time,
but love won't do that.
It will say, what
you've done is horrible,
but why have you done it?
And if you infuse love
into a situation like that,
you might have a
chance of looking
at the cause of why so
many horrible things happen
instead of just
condemning the outcome.
Jail him forever.
Capital punishment.
That's the difference
between coming
from a perspective
of without love
and coming from a
perspective of love.
You look at everyone
as equally important.
All people matter.
And to condemn without
knowing their story
is to condemn society,
to continually
repeat and perpetuate
the same outcomes,
because the cause is
not being addressed,
and that cause is only
addressed when you do that.
So many times you see
these horrible events,
like mass shootings, and those
questions are never asked.
And so what we've also done
with the absence of love,
if we've fallen into this whole
illusion of self-identifying
with labels, labels that are
formed by the head, often
formed by society, we're told
what labels we should have.
And then, we have
the divide and rule
between those
labels which allows
the few to control the many.
But when you come from
this point of view
of love, this
understanding that we're
all expressions of each other,
that doesn't see the divisions.
It sees the
connections between us.
It doesn't look at someone
and say, you are black, white,
or sky blue blooming pink.
It doesn't say, you are this
sexuality or that sexuality
or whatever.
You are this culture, you're
that culture, this religion,
you're that religion.
It's what the head does.
What the heart
does is say, we're
all expressions of each other.
We're just points of attention
in the same consciousness
having different experiences.
And so love is not
just what we perceive
it to be in human society.
Well, I'm attracted to you,
and all these other things.
It is the fundamental
energetic consciousness
state that unifies all of us.
It unifies humans with
trees and animals.
It unifies humans with the sky,
with the rain, with the wind,
with the air.
And once we withdraw from that,
this can only see the parts.
This could see the whole.
So we have these phrases.
We talk about psychopaths.
We talk about evil.
What is evil except
the absence of love?
Love is life.
It's the energy, the
very foundation of life.
You spell evil
backwards and it's live.
Evil is an inversion
of life because evil
is the absence of love,
the very source of life.
And what the world
needs to transform
it is an infusion of
what comes from here.
Because what has created
this reality that
has so many, if
you like, problems,
has so many challenges,
so many things
we'd like not to be
happening, what's created
it is an absence of love.
What is a war if not
an absence of love?
Well, you know, I see this word
hate used all the time today.
If you hate something you
believe is malevolent or bad,
you become the malevolence
because you are expressing,
in your hatred of malevolence,
the energetic frequency
of malevolence, which
is about hate, thus
you're connecting with it.
What you hate you become.
What you fight you
become because you make
this vibrational connection.
And what do we see
now more and more?
We have anti-hate organizations
and anti-hate protests.
You want to stop fascism?
You want to stop the emergence
of a fascist society?
Well, stop acting like one then!
You don't like hate.
Nor do I. So let's
have some love then.
And you have this hate,
hating, anti-hating hate,
and so it goes on in this
dark spiral that spirals down
into more and more conflict and
violence and animosity, which
is what we're seeing now.
What is the only thing
that will transform that?
The opposite of
what is causing it.
And like I say, love is not
to agree with everything
and it's not to roll over.
I think I've got a fair
record, in the last 30 years,
of not rolling
over, but it doesn't
mean you have to hate
the people that you're
challenging and exposing because
if you do, you become them.
And there's this other
idea that love is weak.
Oh, he's into love.
What are you into?
Ooh, I'm strong.
I'm anti-hate.
Love is weak.
Love is the very absence of what
is perceived to be weakness.
Why?
Because it will always do
what it knows to be right.
It won't consider
consequences for doing
what it knows to be right.
It will just do them.
Another thing about love
is the absence of fear.
Because what love
connects us to,
the very fabric
of all existence,
is the understanding that
there is nothing to fear.
What is death?
It's a transition
of our awareness,
our point of attention, into
another reality of experience.
It's another birth.
It's not death at all.
So what is there
to be frightened
about in terms of that?
What is there to be
frightened about in terms
what people say about
us, and what have you,
when we are on an
infinite journey
and this is just an
infinitesimal little brief
experience?
There is nothing to fear.
Love knows that, so it
will always stand up
for what it knows to be right.
You know, people
talk about courage,
which is a great thing,
but what is courage?
It's the ability to overcome
fear and do it anyway.
But there's another stage
beyond that in which
you eliminate the fear
and no longer need
the courage to overcome
what is no longer there.
And that's a challenge in
this world, of course it is,
but that's what love in its
prime state actually is.
It's the energy that
will change everything.
And just observe the spectrum
of human society, all the things
that happen, the wars,
the conflicts, the hunger,
the homelessness, the
oppression, the censorship,
and every single one of those
things is the absence of love.
How can you allow a situation,
if you're coming from love,
whereby people in
ever greater numbers
live and sleep in the streets of
Los Angeles where the rats now
run amok and even typhus
is breaking out in places?
People will sit around
a table and mentally
discuss the problem and the
economics of the problem.
Love says, it can't happen.
I don't care about you figures.
I don't care about
your calculator.
I don't care what some
accountant is telling you.
This is absolutely unacceptable
to this, so whatever it takes,
it's going to be done.
That's what love does.
And love will look at demands
that your country is going
to bomb another country, and
it will, from that perspective,
see the nonsense of it.
The nonsense of
pepper bombing cities
of civilians that have
played no part in what
is claimed to be
the reason you have
to go and bomb that country.
This?
Oh, yeah.
They've done that.
He's killing his own people.
So what are we going to do?
We're going to kill some
more of their own people
to protect them from violence.
Oh, yeah.
That makes sense.
This?
Are you insane?
This is not interested
in bombing people.
Bombing people?
They are expressions of me.
Am I going to bomb
expression me?
Are you mad?
This is the completely
different point
of perception of everything that
this brings and this justifies.
So people will love those
immediately around them
where they have a connection
and daily interaction,
and that's fair enough.
Nothing wrong with that.
Good thing.
But this love looks at little
kids in Libya and Syria
and Iran and Lebanon,
wherever, and says,
well, hold on a minute.
They're just little children
just like the little children
you say you love.
Why are you saying that
it would be so terribly
wrong for violence to be
applied to your children
but OK to be applied
to those children?
Because that's not really love.
That's a different connection.
Love connects to
everyone and says
that little kids in Syria
that we've never met and know
nothing about are
just as important
as the children in our
house that we see every day.
Why?
Because they are expressions
of all that is, as we are,
and as these children
in our own house are.
This is a completely different
way of perceiving the world,
and it will change
everything because it
sees the unity of everything.
It sees the equal
importance of everything
because everything
is an expression
of the same consciousness.
Why would one expression
of the same consciousness
be considered more
important than another?
It wouldn't, if you
see it as a whole,
and this does because,
in its foundation state,
this is what the
whole ultimately is.
What we've done in this reality,
and been manipulated to do,
is to withdraw from that unity,
that knowingness of unity,
into the divisions of
mind and the divisions
of perceived different
unconnected people, events,
instead of realizing
it's one seamless state
of consciousness.
And if you took a baseball
bat and you smashed yourself
with it, they'd
say you were crazy.
Mad.
That man's mad.
He's hit himself
with a baseball bat.
But if you take the
whole perspective,
we are all expressions of the
same consciousness, that's
basically what we're doing.
Isn't it funny, really?
Oh my God.
If you take the biggest view
of reality and who we are,
the American, British,
French, whatever,
pilots who are bombing
civilians in the Middle East
are actually, from
that perspective,
they're bombing themselves.
It's insane.
That knows that.
This doesn't because
it only sees parts.
It doesn't see the whole.
So love is far more than
people have perceived it to be.
It's not attraction.
It can be an expression of it.
It's friendship, unconditional
love in our interaction.
But crucially, it's
that level of awareness
that sees that we're all one
and the divisions between us
are just illusions
of this reality
that we've been
manipulated to perceive.
How do you take
control of your life
back, your perceptions
back, human society back?
You do that, and
everything changes.
How do I know that?
Because that is what has
created what we see now.
See you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]